Let's talk about the application.properties file.
This file allows you to add specific configurations for your
application. I've opened the fundamentals example,
and I've navigated to the application.properties file
found underneath the resources folder.
We've used this file already to add debug level logging for auto configurations.
There are several additional configuration properties that can
be added to this file based on your use case.
Throughout this course, we will continually add to this file.
For example,
when we incorporate a database such as H2, we will add that database
URL and other H2 configuration parameters here.
If you're curious about how many more Spring Boot properties are available,
this is a very helpful website.
It lists all of the different options.
There are logging options, caching options,
embedded server configurations, Spring Session,
Spring Session JDBC, MongoDB, etc.
The list goes on and on. I encourage you to review this file in more detail.